java c Assignment Remit

Programme Title MSc Management Module Title Organisational Behaviour and Leadership Module Code 38003 Assignment Title Supplementary (Resit) Individual Reflective Essay Level 7 Weighting 70% Hand Out Date 30/09/2024 Deadline Date Time
18/12/2024 12pm
Feedback Post Date 21st working day after the deadline date
Assignment Format Essay Assignment Length 2000 words Submission Format
Online Individual

Module Learning Outcomes: This assignment is designed to assess the following module learning outcomes. Your submission will be marked using the Grading Criteria given in the section below. LO 1. Explain essential concepts that enable analysis of organisational behaviour and leadership.LO 2. Develop and apply communication, team-work, negotiation and adaptive leadership skills.LO3. Engage in continuous professional development as a manager or leader of people. Assignment: Individual Reflection The task: Critically reflect on your experience as a group member while completing assignment 1. Using the theories examined in the module, analyse your and other group members’ actions, behaviours, and intended outcomes. For the past few weeks, you have been working in groups for assignment 1. During this time, you had to collaborate, communicate, distribute work, keep meeting minutes, undergo peer review, and learn to interact with others with different working styles, mot代 写38003 Organisational Behaviour and LeadershipPython 代做程序编程语言ivations, and often ethics. This assignment is an opportunity to critically reflect on your experience as a group member and make connections between what you experienced in practice and the theoretical perspectives examined in class. For this assignment, it is vital that you focus on one or two themes and use relevant theories to go deeper in your reflective analysis. We are interested in quality rather than quantity; thus, it would be preferable to use multiple layers to critically analyse a situation, than to describe on the surface a plethora of events. Whichever structure you choose to use for your essay, it is important that you include a section where you demonstrate the insights and learning you have achieved by reflecting on the specific situations vis-à-vis the theories examined in the module. Mandatory You will need to include as an appendix: 1. The meeting minutes for one of the group sessions you attended. 2. Evidence of a peer-review Please, use the Templates provided at the end of this document. Grading Criteria / Marking Rubric Your submission will be graded according to the following criteria: 1.    Introduction and problem statement 2.    Reading and critical understanding of theory 3.    Analysis 4.    Development of insight 5.    Presentation (format and style) See the marking rubric at the end of the remit for more information on how your work will be marked and graded.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
